# Restaurant Review App

The goal of this project is to implement Responsive design, service worker to cache and Accessibilty.

# How to run the app

For Users:
* In this website , you can search your choice of restaurant. You can filter your search by location and cuisine type.
* Use dropdown list to filter your result(on the main page)
* You can see the updated map once you change your location.
* You can see the details of the restaurant page once you click on view details page link.
* The restaurant details page includes Map, Cuisine name, Restaurant opening hours and Reviews.

For Developers:
* Clone the repository
* Go to the folder on the desktop where you saved them
* Run the server using the following command
  Python 3

  "python -m http.server 8000"

* Go to localhost:8000 to open the website.
* The main HTML page is /index.html
* The restaurant's details HTML page is /restaurant.html
* The CSS file is /css/styles.css
* The JS file for the main page is /js/main.js
* The JS file for the restaurant page is /js/restaurant_info.js
* The JS file to fetch the data from the server is /js/dbhelper.js
* The service worker is located in /service-worker.js and registered in the /js/main.js file.
* The images are located in /img and their resized and optimized version is generated by the gulpfile.

# Instructions
* This project is a simple single-page application that allows users to select a residential area in New York City and view a list of nearby restaurants. For each restaurant in the application, the application includes a map highlighting the restaurant's location (powered by Mapbox), a set of recent user reviews, and an assortment of details about food selection/hours (for the purpose of this project.

# Author

* **Pallavi Paul**
